Tutorial Cross Contract Communication (#165)
casper-network/docs-new: source/docs/casper/resources/tutorials/advanced/cross-contract.md

> import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

Reviewer: Slug should **not** be introduced, changing title is optional.

> import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

Author: Title was added

# Cross Contract Communication

> 

Author: Was changed according to the review

Level of the tutorial: `Advanced`

Time to complete the tutorial: `45 - 60 Minutes`

Important topics to read before going further:

> 

Reviewer 2: "this tutorial assumes that you have worked through these examples, if you have not already done so then we recommend that you do so now". Make. Things. CLEAR.

Author: This was changed according to the suggestion

- [getting started](../../../developers/writing-onchain-code/getting-started.md)
- [writing on-chain code](../../../developers/writing-onchain-code/simple-contract.md)
- [calling contracts](../../../developers/writing-onchain-code/calling-contracts.md)

> This will assure that you have needed tools and base knowledge to complete this tutorial. If not everything was clear while reading these sections, don't worry as we will be doing a full walkthrough step by step.

Reviewer 2: Make tings clear. Explicitly state the infrastructure and tools. We should *not* be pointing people to three tutorials in order to  make sure they have the tools installed. 
Example
Prerequisites: 
Rust, CMake - link to installing these
Casper crate - link to installing this 
Signer , funded account - link to doing this

Author: Links will be added to the appropriate prerequisites after it gets merged. For now, one sentence has been introduced, to show where the link will find it's place

## Outline of the tutorial {#outline}

> This tutorial covers all possible variations of cross contract communication. While it not necessary when writing a simple contract which doesn't have to interact with other deployed contracts it is nontheless important to understand the ways to achieve this feat.

Reviewer 2: The second sentence here doesn't make sense. of course learning how to communicate between contracts is not necessary when writing contracts that don't communicate That is by definition. The clue is in the name. But then you say that it is important to know how to do it without saying WHY it is important. The whole paragraph is unneccesary and doesn't tell me anything.

I think what you were trying to say was something like "Of course, it is possible to write a contract that doesn't use cross-contract communication, but most contracts do, so you really should learn this". Am I reading this right?

Author: Rewritten this section to be more concise

> This tutorial covers all possible variations of cross contract communication. While it not necessary when writing a simple contract which doesn't have to interact with other deployed contracts it is nontheless important to understand the ways to achieve this feat.

Author: Rewritten to fit the sentence more. All possible variation does sound a bit too optimistic.

> On a very high level a smart contract behaves like a class in object oriented programming. This would suggest, that the principles for object oriented programming also apply for smart contract development. What interests us the most is the responsibility separation of classes. On a conceptual level for very simple functionalities there is no need to separate the logic between more smart contracts. It is advised to think about it and preplan the development. A smart contract on Casper Network can be always updated, but for more complex scenarios there is a need to fully understand how the project can be segrageted into smaller units of logical work.

Reviewer 2: "this would suggest" is vague. You're not committing to a statement there. Try something like "THis means that the principles of good OO development may also be applied in contract development"

Author: Agreed. Deleted this section as it was too vague and was confusing to read.

> On a very high level a smart contract behaves like a class in object oriented programming. This would suggest, that the principles for object oriented programming also apply for smart contract development. What interests us the most is the responsibility separation of classes. On a conceptual level for very simple functionalities there is no need to separate the logic between more smart contracts. It is advised to think about it and preplan the development. A smart contract on Casper Network can be always updated, but for more complex scenarios there is a need to fully understand how the project can be segrageted into smaller units of logical work.

Reviewer 2: "it is advised to think about it and preplan ..." I imagine that's someting everyone should do in every language? I need you to tell me what you are trying to communicate here. It seems like a series of very general statements about software development which don't actually tell me anything about Casper Smart Contracts, apart form making the point that they behave like classes and therefore should be programmed like good OO classes. I think what you are trying to do is speak specifically to the concern about separation of responsibility, and make the point that for small and simple Caper projects, there is probably not a need to make the proiject more complex by splitting out logic into different contracts, but a developer should analyse what they are trying to achieve and make decisions accordingly.

The other point I would make here is that we haven't touched any code so far, I have not built a cross-contract call whatsoever,  and you are already giving me advice about the right and the wrong way to use this technique. This should be a "tip" or an addendum to the document, to read once we have actually mastered the technique, not right up top.

Author: Agreed as well, the suggestions for best practices should be at the end, after it is clear how to do the things we are trying to teach. Didn't include it at the end as it should be clear at that point what the best practice actually is.

To better visualise this behaviour let's shortly look how the uniswap v2 protocol is built.

Uniswap v2 protocol consists of multiple smart contracts which govern a unified blockchain application and each contract serves a different purpose.
The contracts are as follows:
- Factory
- Pair
- Pair (ERC20)
- Library
- Router01
- Router02

> 

Reviewer 2: his is much better because you have examples and it is easier to understand what you are trying to say. I still think it's too much conceptual work before actually building this contract.

Even considering the names of the smart contracts we can see that each smart contract should have a different function.
The Factory contract is generally used to create a token pair. It throws an event that a pair has been created and allows the user to read the pair created. The most important to notice is that the generation of a token pair actually creates a contract of type Pair under a new address hash.
The Pair smart contract is used to perform operations like mint or burn on a created pair of tokens.

The principle of responsibility separation is blockchain agnostic so analizing multi-contract applications will benefit every smart contract developer regardless of the technology used.

> Having this in mind we will be building two contracts which reference each other in some shape or form. We will look at how the keys are deployed in the contracts context and how we can pass the contract hash into a deployed contract so another contract can be called.

Reviewer 2: "analizing multi.contract applications" ... poor applications. Please run a spell-checker on your work. There's a bunch of spelling errors through this document.

Author: Rewritten this part accordingly, spelling etc. was checked

## Creating the Project {#create-project}

In the appropriate folder create the project for the contract as follows:

```bash
cargo casper cross-contract
```

This will create the following structure under your desired smart contract folder:

> 

Author: Added the missing files to this step.

```bash
project-directory/
└── contract/
    ├── src/
        └── main.rs
    └── Cargo.toml
└── tests/
    ├── src/
        └── integration-tests.rs
    └── Cargo.toml
```

After the project directory structure is created use the following commands to go into the project folder and compile the files:

```bash
cd cross-contract
make prepare
make build-contract
```

This will also create a target folder under the contract folder where the .wasm of the contract can be found.
Additionally you can check if the tests can be performed using the following command:

```bash
make test
```

This should produce the following outcome:

```bash
running 2 tests
test tests::should_error_on_missing_runtime_arg ... ok
test tests::should_store_hello_world ... ok

test result: ok. 2 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 0 filtered out; finished in 0.09s
```

:::tip

If this is not the case and an error has been produced similar to:

```bash
warning: `tests` (bin "integration-tests" test) generated 2 warnings
error: could not compile `tests` due to 3 previous errors; 2 warnings emitted
make: *** [test] Error 101
```

> It is useful to check the dependencies in Cargo.toml if they all are still up to date. There can be a delay after the update of the network and update of the crates which might cause some problems during the development and testing process.

Author: Rewritten this section to be more clear.

:::

## Changing the standard contract {#changing-contract}

> The standard casper contract from the crate constructor has some methods that we will reuse however we will be getting rid of most of automaticaly created code. You might think it is better to create everything from scratch but `cargo casper` creates a proper folder structure with all appropriate dependencies so it is always better to use it for setting up a clean development environment for the smart contract part.

Author: Agreed, simplified this as to give the proper instructions.

After removing the obsolete code from `main.rs` in your project you should have a structure exactly as displayed below.

> 

Author: Rewritten this as well and changed the wording to be more concise.

```bash
#![no_std]
#![no_main]

#[cfg(not(target_arch = "wasm32"))]
compile_error!("target arch should be wasm32: compile with '--target wasm32-unknown-unknown'");

// We need to explicitly import the std alloc crate and `alloc::string::String` as we are in a
// `no_std` environment.
extern crate alloc;

use alloc::string::String;

use casper_contract::{
    contract_api::{runtime, storage},
    unwrap_or_revert::UnwrapOrRevert,
};
use casper_types::{ApiError, Key};

#[no_mangle]
pub extern "C" fn call() {

}
```
This will serve as a base for introducing the elements needed for the cross contract communication.

The first thing to be defined in a contract should be the call function. Since we are already drawing parallels between classes and smart contracts, this function could be understood as a `constructor` for the contract. Everything that will find itself in the call function will be visible as metadata on the network in the contract context. 

> You should already be familiar with updating the call function from the writing on chain code. To refresh this knowledge let's just summarize the steps once more:

Author: Linked appropriate tutorials.

1. Definition of entry points of the contract.
2. Definition of the named keys which will be saved in the contract.
3. Creating a new contract object which will be saved in the global state.

> These steps are always necessary and obligatory when starting writing a contract. If you need further information read carefully the information under the links listed in the beginning of the tutorial.

Author: Deleted the section as it didn't contribute to the overall understanding of the examples. The steps are commented in the code itself and are explained in writing on-chain code, therefore this information would be redundant.

        EntryPointAccess::Public,       // acces permissions - public can be accessed always
        EntryPointType::Contract        // in most cases it will be contract
    ));

    // the contract is stored in the global state
    let (stored_contract_hash, _contract_version) = storage::new_contract(
        entry_points,                                       // entry points
        Some(named_keys),                                   // named keys 
        Some("Hello_world_package_name".to_string()),       // package name
        Some("Hello_world_access_uref".to_string())         // access uref
    );

    // to access from the account - named keys of the account
    runtime::put_key("hello_world_contract", stored_contract_hash.into());

}
```

:::tip

We should notice that that runtime and storage appear quite frequently in our code. If you didn't have a chance to check out those modules yet it would be a perfect time to do so: [contract API](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/contract_api/index.html).
The amount of native functions isn't that large so it might be advisable to think about which one of those could be used with your scenario.

:::

> You should always keep the entry points and the functions of the contract in sync. If there is an entry point with name `update_msg` there should be also a function with the same name in the contract.

Author: Rewritten to be more concise.

> This is presented below:

Reviewer 2: This is another vague sentence that could technically refer to a couple of things and doesn't add a lot of information. Say something like "For the "update_msg" entry point above, we need a function called update_msg. So take the code below and copy it into your class, below the call function."

Author: Rewritten to be more concise.

```bash

#[no_mangle]
pub extern "C" fn update_msg() {

    // get the argument from the runtime so from the outside call
    let value: String = runtime::get_named_arg("message");

    // get the uref of the message stored in the global state
    let uref = runtime::get_key("message").unwrap_or_revert().into_uref().unwrap_or_revert();

    // write the new message to the global state
    storage::write(uref, String::from(value));
}

```

> You can always try out storing different types in the context. A distinction between storing data in the context of a smart contract and using dictionaries has to be mentioned. The dictionaries can be used to store the data which is dapp centric. Just be sure to remember that the dictionary is not an SQL Database and only what is necessary and should be stored on the blockchain can go into the dictionary. The types stored in the contracts context could be regarded more as key links between parts of a bigger application.

Reviewer 2: An off-topic tip, a distraction from the task which is getting this contract up and running. We need a "tip" popout which will allow us to do this kind o thing without interrupting the flow of the tutorial.

Author: Introduced this part as the Info block. it is different and can be omitted.

---
title: Cross-Contract Communication
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';

# Tutorial: Cross-Contract Communication

| Title              | Description                     |

> | ------------------ | ------------------------------- |

Author: The header Title and Description was removed

| Level: | `Advanced` |
| Time to complete: | `45 - 60 Minutes`|

Make sure you have installed the software/packages needed for this tutorial.

This tutorial assumes that you have worked through these examples, if you have not already done so then we recommend that you do so now:
- [getting started](../../../developers/writing-onchain-code/getting-started.md)

> - [writing on-chain code](../../../developers/writing-onchain-code/simple-contract.md)

Reviewer 3: I think we should add 'development prerequisites' to the list. Specifically the Casper CLI installation and account creation (key generation via casper client) section. It comes up later in the tutorial.

Reviewer 3: It seems like knowledge on Sending Deploys is also required as turns out later in the tutorial. I think we could also add it here in prerequisites. Eventually if possible we could point to some specific sections of it, which we should be familiar with.

Author: We have this information linked at the beginning of "Deploying the Contracts" as it is not a technical prerequisite per se.

The contracts are as follows:
- Factory
- Pair
- Pair (ERC20)
- Library
- Router01
- Router02

The Factory contract is generally used to create a token pair. It throws an event that a pair has been created and allows the user to read the pair created. The most important to notice is that the generation of a token pair actually creates a contract of type Pair under a new address hash.
The Pair smart contract is used to perform operations like mint or burn on a created pair of tokens.

Having this in mind we will be building two contracts which reference each other in some shape or form. We will look at how the keys are deployed in the contracts context and how we can pass the contract hash into a deployed contract so another contract can be called.

## Creating the Project {#create-project}

In the appropriate folder create the project for the contract as follows:

```bash
cargo casper cross-contract
```

This will create the following structure under your desired smart contract folder:

```bash
project-directory/
└── contract/
    ├── src/
        └── main.rs
    └── Cargo.toml
└── tests/
    ├── src/
        └── integration-tests.rs
    └── Cargo.toml
└── .travis.yml
└── Makefile

> ```

Reviewer 3: Mine has a .cargo folder in the contract directory and rust-toolchain file

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95348493/227214315-96612770-d3e8-43d8-b4f0-9e7b817509c3.png)

```suggestion
```bash
project-directory/
└── contract/
    ├── .cargo/
        └── config.toml
    ├── src/
        └── main.rs
    └── Cargo.toml
└── tests/
    ├── src/
        └── integration-tests.rs
    └── Cargo.toml
└── .travis.yml
└── Makefile
└── rust-toolchain
```
```

After the project directory structure is created use the following commands to go into the project folder and compile the files:

```bash
cd cross-contract
make prepare
make build-contract
```

This will also create a target folder under the contract folder where the .wasm of the contract can be found.
Additionally you can check if the tests can be performed using the following command:

```bash
make test
```

This should produce the following outcome:

```bash
running 2 tests
test tests::should_error_on_missing_runtime_arg ... ok
test tests::should_store_hello_world ... ok

test result: ok. 2 passed; 0 failed; 0 ignored; 0 measured; 0 filtered out; finished in 0.09s
```

:::tip

If this is not the case and an error has been produced similar to:

```bash
warning: `tests` (bin "integration-tests" test) generated 2 warnings
error: could not compile `tests` due to 3 previous errors; 2 warnings emitted
make: *** [test] Error 101
```

Then it is useful to check if the dependencies in `Cargo.toml` are still up to date.

<img class="align-center" src={useBaseUrl("/image/tutorials/cross-contract/CargoToml.png")} width="600" alt="CargoToml" />

> If you see the red cross it means the version is not up to date and has to be updated.

Reviewer 3: Just FYI. I don't see any ticks or crosses in my VSC.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/95348493/227216488-8a1d4805-03da-4c93-bf5c-7cedf6c2365e.png)

Author: Assuming that someone installed the plugins listed in setting up the VSC, then he should see the ticks

        CLType::Unit,                   // return type of the entry point
        EntryPointAccess::Public,       // acces permissions - public can be accessed always
        EntryPointType::Contract        // in most cases it will be contract
    ));

    // the contract is stored in the global state
    let (stored_contract_hash, _contract_version) = storage::new_contract(
        entry_points,                                       // entry points
        Some(named_keys),                                   // named keys 
        Some("Hello_world_package_name".to_string()),       // package name
        Some("Hello_world_access_uref".to_string())         // access uref
    );

    // to access from the account - named keys of the account
    runtime::put_key("hello_world_contract", stored_contract_hash.into());

}
```

:::tip

We should notice that that runtime and storage appear quite frequently in our code. If you didn't have a chance to check out those modules yet, it would be a perfect time to do so: [contract API](https://docs.rs/casper-contract/latest/casper_contract/contract_api/index.html).

:::

> Each entry point in the call function must have a corresponding function with the same name defined in the contract. This means that if you change the key of an entry point, make sure to update the corresponding function name to avoid runtime errors, and vice versa. The compiler will not catch this error for you, so it is important to check this yourself. In our case we will add the function `update_msg` to the contract code. 

Reviewer 3: I would add this to help navigate to the added part

```suggestion
Each entry point in the call function must have a corresponding function with the same name defined in the contract. This means that if you change the key of an entry point, make sure to update the corresponding function name to avoid runtime errors, and vice versa. The compiler will not catch this error for you, so it is important to check this yourself. In our case we will add the function `update_msg` to the contract code just before the call function. 
```

    // insert the new value into the named keys
    named_keys.insert(String::from("message"),value_ref.into()); // use into to wrap the value to the key
    // create a new vector 
    let mut vec = Vec::new();
    vec.push(Parameter::new("message", CLType::String));
    // create an Entry Point Object
    let mut entry_points = EntryPoints::new();

    // add the entry point to the entry points object
    entry_points.add_entry_point(EntryPoint::new(
        "update_msg",
        vec,
        CLType::Unit,
        EntryPointAccess::Public,
        EntryPointType::Contract
    ));

    // the contract is stored in the global state
    let (stored_contract_hash, _contract_version) = storage::new_contract(
        entry_points,                                       // entry points
        Some(named_keys),                                   // named keys 
        Some("Hello_world_package_name".to_string()),       // package name
        Some("Hello_world_access_uref".to_string())         // access uref
    );

    // to access from the account - named keys of the account
    runtime::put_key("hello_world_contract", stored_contract_hash.into());
}
```

:::info

> 

Author: Fair point.

> You can always try out storing different types in the context. A distinction between storing data in the context of a smart contract and using dictionaries has to be mentioned. The dictionaries can be used to store the data which is dapp centric. Just be sure to remember that the dictionary is not an SQL Database and only what is necessary and should be stored on the blockchain can go into the dictionary. The types stored in the contracts context could be regarded more as key links between parts of a bigger application.

Author: Can be both. I've rewritten this part to be simpler to understand, cause it was a little confusing.

:::

## Deploying the contract {#deploying-contract}

There are many different possibilities to deploy a contract. The simplest would be using the CLI with the [put_deploy](../../../developers/cli/installing-contracts.md#installing-contract-code).
If you are doing only blockchain smart contract development and you aren't dealing with full-stack applications, this might be the primary way for you to interface with Casper Network.

Be sure to go through the prerequisites from the [installing contracts](../../../developers/cli/installing-contracts.md) and make sure that after doing this you have:
1. Valid private key for your account.

> 2. Funded account with 2.000 CSPR on the Testnet, which you can use for testing.

Reviewer 3: That seems like a prerequisite of this tutorial to me. So maybe it's worth to add it to the list at the very beginning of the tutorial?

Reviewer 3: Also we do not need 2.000 CSPR. Maybe we should say something like at least 20 CSPR. Just thinking out loud.

Author: After the prerequisites section will be merged then we will add the link at the beginning of the tutorial. the 2000 CSPR is the default amount from the faucet when you request the funds.

We can see a Tab `Deploys` in the contract as well. This is empty for now. If we had a cross-contract call and an entry point to a different contract would have been called, this would be visible here. For now just make sure to note the hash of the contract, which is `hash-b7a06298cc71d4cac05929cc0713dfd5a541c68b71cb500cd04547b5cd0385ea` in this case.

## Create another contract for the cross-contract call {#cross-contract}

Let us write another contract, which we will also deploy on the Casper Network. This smart contract will contain a `call_contract_2` endpoint and after its invocation the previous contracts endpoint `update_msg` will be called.

In this tutorial we will be passing the contract hash as an argument into the caller method and use this to perform the calls to the destination contract.

> Prepare the `call` contract method as described below:

Reviewer 3: Maybe we could somehow let the Developer know that he needs to repeat step 'Creating the Project' and 'Changing the standard contract' as in the first contract and then the call function will be different in this second contract. And maybe in some simple words, something like, 'This contract will contact the first contract you created through xxx and yyyy is going to happen'.

Author: I think that might go too much into explaining things for the people who aren't programming a lot. New people can always copy the code and make it work. There are also appropriate comments in the code and around the functions that we are using.

    // add the entry point to the entry points object
    entry_points.add_entry_point(EntryPoint::new(
       "call_contract_2",
       vec,
       CLType::Unit,
       EntryPointAccess::Public,
       EntryPointType::Contract
    ));

    // the contract is stored in the global state
    let (stored_contract_hash, _contract_version) = storage::new_contract(
       entry_points,                                        // entry points
       Some(named_keys),                                    // named keys 
       Some("contract2_package_name".to_string()),          // package name
       Some("contract2_access_uref".to_string())            // access uref
    );

    // to access from the account - named keys of the account
    runtime::put_key("cross_contract_2", stored_contract_hash.into());
}

```

This would be the easiest implementation of the call function. There is only one entry point which accepts the key `contract2` of type `String` and the key `hello_world_contract` of the type `Key`. There aren't any named keys which will be saved in the contracts context. The contract is then stored in the global state and placed as a named key in the accounts context.

> As we defined the `call_contract_2` endpoint, we should implement it as well. This endpoint will take the second contract hash as an argument and call the endpoint `update_msg` with appropriate message which will then change in the second contracts context. We will be also passing the new message as a parameter. This is presented below:

Reviewer 3: I think there should be a short info that call_contract_2 in our code should go before the call function in the main.rs file. Because that's how it's presented in the 'Your complete contract implementation should look as follows' block.

Author: We have stated that writing on-chain code is a prerequisite for that. If someone didn't read it yet, the complete implementation already shows that it is before the call function. And the call function is always last.

```bash
#[no_mangle]
pub extern "C" fn call_contract_2() {

    // get the contract hash from the named arguments passed to the call
    let contract_hash: ContractHash = runtime::get_named_arg::<Key>(CONTRACT_HASH)
    .into_hash()
    .map(|hash| ContractHash::new(hash))
    .unwrap();

    // get the value of the second parameter to which message should be changed
    let new_value: String = runtime::get_named_arg("new_message");

    // Call Counter to increment the value.
    let _: () = runtime::call_contract(
        contract_hash, 
        "update_msg", 
        runtime_args! {
            "message" => new_value,
        },
    );

}
```

> The logic will take the contract hash from the `hello_world_contract` field and the new message from the `new_message` field and make further contract calls.

Reviewer 2: I would remove this line, it's superfluous.

Author: Fair point. Deleted.

    let mut vec = Vec::new();
    vec.push(Parameter::new("new_message", CLType::String));
    vec.push(Parameter::new("hello_world_contract", CLType::Key));

    // In the named keys of the contract, add a key for the count.
    let named_keys = NamedKeys::new();

    // create an Entry Point Object
    let mut entry_points = EntryPoints::new();

    // add the entry point to the entry points object
    entry_points.add_entry_point(EntryPoint::new(
       "call_contract_2",
       vec,
       CLType::Unit,
       EntryPointAccess::Public,
       EntryPointType::Contract
    ));

    // the contract is stored in the global state
    let (stored_contract_hash, _contract_version) = storage::new_contract(
       entry_points,                                        // entry points
       Some(named_keys),                                    // named keys 
       Some("contract2_package_name".to_string()),          // package name
       Some("contract2_access_uref".to_string())            // access uref
    );

    // to access from the account - named keys of the account
    runtime::put_key("cross_contract_2", stored_contract_hash.into());

}
```

> After `make build-contract` you should obtain the outcome:

Reviewer 3: To be more specific. 

```suggestion
After you run `make build-contract` in your second contract's directory, you should obtain the outcome:
```

```bash
cd contract && cargo build --release --target wasm32-unknown-unknown
   Compiling contract v0.1.0 (/Users/karolmarter/Desktop/Rust_Projects/cross-contract-2/contract)
    Finished release [optimized] target(s) in 0.69s
wasm-strip contract/target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/contract.wasm 2>/dev/null | true
```

> Be sure to copy the keys from the previous folder to the new contract folder. We will not be creating a new set of keys and instead reusing those, which we already have. The call from the terminal will look as follows:

Author: As we are preparing two contracts and we already had a keys subfolder in the first contract, by previous it is implied to copy it from there. 
I can make it more clear.

```bash
casper-client put-deploy \
    --node-address http://136.243.187.84:7777 \
    --chain-name casper-test \
    --secret-key ./keys/secret_key.pem \
    --payment-amount 20000000000 \
    --session-path ./contract/target/wasm32-unknown-unknown/release/contract.wasm
```

:::tip

> We can notice that the contract.wasm is always the same when creating a new `cargo casper` project. While this is not crucial for small projects try to name the contracts appropriately in the `Makefile` in the main directory. We encourage to look at it and experiment a little with what happens when the `.wasm` filename will be changed and the following commands are called:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You may have noticed that the contract.wasm is always output to the same filename for each new `cargo casper` project. You can change this by editing the `Makefile` in the main directory. You can then observe the result by recompiling your contract with these commands;
```

```bash
make prepare
make build-contract
```
:::

> After the deploy we can check if it was successful and control the parameters of the deployed entry points.

Author: didn't want to use 'check' all the time. Maybe inspect would be better here instead of control.

The output of the deployment is:

```bash
{
  "id": -7557689417621513622,
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "result": {
    "api_version": "1.4.13",
    "deploy_hash": "faeb7e4f010c20c88d2dd126da545933c26fd8ce370282b8cd49f7f6fe7304b9"
  }
}
```

:::tip

> If the contract name doesn't change during concurrent deploys, the urefs/hashes will be overwritten in the accounts named keys.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If the contract name doesn't change during concurrent deploys, the urefs/hashes will be overwritten in the account's named keys.
```

:::

> If we control the deploy we can see that it has been successful:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Observing the deploy, we can see that it has been successful:
```

<img class="align-center" src={useBaseUrl("/image/tutorials/cross-contract/Deploy.png")} width="600" alt="Deploy" />

If we check the accounts named keys we can see all of the accounts deployed contracts:

<img class="align-center" src={useBaseUrl("/image/tutorials/cross-contract/NamedKeys.png")} width="600" alt="NamedKeys" />

As we have now managed to deploy two contracts, we can call the endpoint of this contract passing appropriate arguments to the function. Just remember that invoking an entry point of the contract is also a deploy to the network.

> Let us quickly check the state of the message in the first contract:

Reviewer 3: As discussed, maybe a little more instructions on where to find it on the explorer.

Author: Added some more context as to where to find the variable

<img class="align-center" src={useBaseUrl("/image/tutorials/cross-contract/HelloWorldBCC.png")} width="600" alt="HelloWorld" />

This is a simple `hello world` string. After invoking the endpoint using the command below this value should change.

:::info

> `--session-hash` - is the contract hash, which is called through the put-deploy. Be sure to put your contract hash here.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--session-hash` - is the contract hash, which is returned from the put-deploy. 
```

> `--session-arg` "hello world_contract:Key= ..." takes the hash of the contract which we want to call from within the session-hash contract.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`--session-arg` "hello world_contract:Key= ..."  the hash of the contract which we want to call from within the contract identified by the session-hash.
```

> :::

Reviewer 3: Maybe we could ad the screenshot with the named keys again here saying that both hashes can be found here. Or at least mention that that's the best place to find them.

Author: I think placing the screenshot of the named keys again would be redundant. 10 Lines above we already have a screenshot of those keys.

    --session-arg "new_message:string='Hello new message!'" \
    --session-arg "hello_world_contract:Key='hash-b7a06298cc71d4cac05929cc0713dfd5a541c68b71cb500cd04547b5cd0385ea'"
```

:::tip

The contract hash has to be of type `ContractHash` in the contract itself, we can pass the hash as a `Key` argument and change it to `ContractHash` in the smart contract.

:::

The output of the above command is:

```bash
{
  "id": -6419793201665396463,
  "jsonrpc": "2.0",
  "result": {
    "api_version": "1.4.13",
    "deploy_hash": "15e11340d92fc9e64deb38bd942f4efb69caad0851eec24fd577070309d18537"
  }
}
```

After the deploy finishes successfuly, you should see a similar outcome to the following:

<img class="align-center" src={useBaseUrl("/image/tutorials/cross-contract/FunctionCall2.png")} width="600" alt="FunctionCall2" />

We would expect that the value of the message reference in the other contract would have changed, which we can check:

<img class="align-center" src={useBaseUrl("/image/tutorials/cross-contract/NewHelloWorld.png")} width="600" alt="NewHelloWorld" />

With this we have succesfully built a cross contract communication between two contracts.

> ## Summary of the tutorial {#summary}

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Summary {#summary}
```

> The goal of this tutorial was to:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this tutorial, we:
```

> - give a brief overview why the cross-contract communication is sometimes necessary

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Discussed why cross-contract communication is sometimes necessary
```

> - develop two rust contracts on the Casper Network where one smart contract is calling an entry point of the second smart contract

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Developed two Rust contracts on the Casper Network where one smart contract is calling an entry point of the second smart contract
```

> - use attributes to pass values into the smart contract during method invocation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Called an entry point on one contract from the other contract, passing a value as argument to this entry point.
```

> Be sure to take your time and get back to the parts which might be unclear and try to understand how things work.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
